_pages/writing.md, before:

---
title: "Writing"
permalink: /writing/
header:
  image: /assets/photography/2009.08.28-Bali-Ubud_wide.jpg
  caption: Ubud, Indonesia, 2009. <i class="fas fa-camera"></i> A. Lépissier
---

## Working papers

"Assessing the causal impact of UK climate policy using synthetic controls: an impact analysis of the 2001 Climate Change Programme" (with Matto Mildenberger).

"Illicit financial flows from trade mis-invoicing in developing countries" (with William Davis and Gamal Ibrahim). [Code](https://github.com/walice/Trade-IFF).

"Risk measures for illicit financial flows. A new international data set" (with Alex Cobham). [Code](https://github.com/walice/Risk-Analysis-IFF).

## Publications

### Peer-reviewed

"Europe Beyond Aid: Assessing European countries’ individual and collective commitment to development" (with Owen Barder, Julia Clark, David Roodman, and Liza Reynolds), *Journal of International Development*, 25:6, 832-853, 2013. [Paper](https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.1002/jid.2933).

### Other papers

"Vulnerability and Exposure to Illicit Financial Flows risk in Africa" (with Charles Abugre, Alex Cobham, Rachel Etter-Phoya, Markus Meinzer, Nara Monkam, and Alvin Mosioma), Tax Justice Network, 2019. [Paper](https://www.taxjustice.net/wp-content/uploads/2019/08/Vulnerability-and-Exposure-to-Illicit-Financial-Flows-risk-in-Africa_August-2019_Tax-Justice-Network.pdf). [Code](https://github.com/walice/Risk-Analysis-IFF).

"Technical Background Note for Chapter 5: Cheaper, Cooler, Faster: Reducing Tropical Deforestation for a More Cost-Effective Global Response to Climate Change" in *Why Forests? Why Now?* (with Jonah Busch and Jens Engelmann), *CGD Background Paper*, 2016. [Paper](https://www.cgdev.org/sites/default/files/why-forests-chapter5-background-note.pdf).

"SkyShares: Modelling the Economic Implications of a Future Global Emissions Budget" (with Owen Barder and Alex Evans), *CGD Policy Paper Series*, Policy Paper 067, 2015. [Paper](https://www.cgdev.org/publication/skyshares-modelling-economic-implications-future-global-emissions-budget). [Media coverage](https://www.theguardian.com/global-development/2015/sep/24/global-goals-climate-change-2c-development-finance-emissions-trading).

"Modelling SkyShares. Technical background" (with Owen Barder and Alex Evans), 2015. [Paper](/assets/Modelling-SkyShares-Technical-Background.pdf).

"A global emissions budget" in *Climate 2020 - Facing the future* (with Owen Barder and Alex Evans), Report by the United Nations Association - UK, 2015. [Paper](http://e59114bec18f33b2ba6d-67d853478b97815e7adb8b9373d7dc7d.r53.cf2.rackcdn.com/CLIMATE2020.pdf).

Annex IV of "Track it! Stop it! Get it!" (with Alex Cobham), *Report of the High Level Panel on Illicit Financial Flows from Africa*, Commissioned by the AU/ECA Conference of Ministers of Finance, Planning and Economic Development, 2015. [Paper](https://www.uneca.org/sites/default/files/PublicationFiles/iff_main_report_26feb_en.pdf). [Media coverage](https://www.theguardian.com/global-development/2015/feb/02/africa-tax-avoidance-money-laundering-illicit-financial-flows). [Code](https://github.com/walice/Illicit-financial-flows).

"Europe Beyond Aid: Assessing Europe’s Commitment to Development" (with Owen Barder, Julia Clark, David Roodman, and Liza Reynolds), *CGD Working Paper Series*, Working Paper 313, 2012. [Paper](https://www.cgdev.org/publication/europe-beyond-aid-assessing-europe%E2%80%99s-commitment-development-working-paper-313).

## Blog posts

"Workable Policies to Fight Climate Change and Bridge the Interests of Developing and Industrialized Countries", *SSN Key Findings Brief*, May 2018. [Link](https://scholars.org/contribution/workable-policies-fight-climate-change-and-bridge-interests-developing-and).

"Global goals can deliver on 2&deg;C and new development finance - here's how" (with Owen Barder and Alex Evans), *The Guardian*, September 2015. [Link](https://www.theguardian.com/global-development/2015/sep/24/global-goals-climate-change-2c-development-finance-emissions-trading).

"A Global Carbon Tax or Cap-and-Trade? Part 1: The Economic Arguments" (with Owen Barder), *Center for Global Development*, September 2014. [Link](https://www.cgdev.org/blog/global-carbon-tax-or-cap-and-trade-part-1-economic-arguments).

"Setting a Price on Carbon Immediately Is Necessary to Avoid Dangerous Climate Change" (with Owen Barder), *Center for Global Development*, April 2014. [Link](https://www.cgdev.org/blog/setting-price-carbon-immediately-necessary-avoid-dangerous-climate-change).

"Nineteenth Time Lucky?" (with Owen Barder), *Center for Global Development*, November 2013. [Link](https://www.cgdev.org/blog/nineteenth-time-lucky).

"Open Ownership: UK Leads" (with Alex Cobham), *Center for Global Development*, October 2013. [Link](https://www.cgdev.org/blog/open-ownership-uk-leads).

"Europe’s Policy Footprint on Development" (with Owen Barder and Liza Reynolds), *Center for Global Development*, December 2012. [Link](https://www.cgdev.org/blog/europe%E2%80%99s-policy-footprint-development).

Commit message:

Remove F19 OH, update writing & CV

_pages/writing.md, after:

---
title: "Writing"
permalink: /writing/
header:
  image: /assets/photography/2009.08.28-Bali-Ubud_wide.jpg
  caption: Ubud, Indonesia, 2009. <i class="fas fa-camera"></i> A. Lépissier
---

## Working papers

"Assessing the causal impact of UK climate policy using synthetic controls: an impact analysis of the 2001 Climate Change Programme" (with Matto Mildenberger).

"Illicit financial flows from trade mis-invoicing in developing countries" (with William Davis and Gamal Ibrahim). [Code](https://github.com/walice/Trade-IFF).

"Risk measures for illicit financial flows. A new international data set" (with Alex Cobham). [Code](https://github.com/walice/Risk-Analysis-IFF).

## Publications

### Peer-reviewed

"Europe Beyond Aid: Assessing European countries’ individual and collective commitment to development" (with Owen Barder, Julia Clark, David Roodman, and Liza Reynolds), *Journal of International Development*, 25:6, 832-853, 2013. [Paper](https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.1002/jid.2933).

### Other papers

"Vulnerability and Exposure to Illicit Financial Flows risk in Africa" (with Charles Abugre, Alex Cobham, Rachel Etter-Phoya, Markus Meinzer, Nara Monkam, and Alvin Mosioma), Tax Justice Network, 2019. [Paper](https://www.taxjustice.net/wp-content/uploads/2019/08/Vulnerability-and-Exposure-to-Illicit-Financial-Flows-risk-in-Africa_August-2019_Tax-Justice-Network.pdf). [Code](https://github.com/walice/Risk-Analysis-IFF).

"Technical Background Note for Chapter 5: Cheaper, Cooler, Faster: Reducing Tropical Deforestation for a More Cost-Effective Global Response to Climate Change" in *Why Forests? Why Now?* (with Jonah Busch and Jens Engelmann), *CGD Background Paper*, 2016. [Paper](https://www.cgdev.org/sites/default/files/why-forests-chapter5-background-note.pdf).

"SkyShares: Modelling the Economic Implications of a Future Global Emissions Budget" (with Owen Barder and Alex Evans), *CGD Policy Paper Series*, Policy Paper 067, 2015. [Paper](https://www.cgdev.org/publication/skyshares-modelling-economic-implications-future-global-emissions-budget). [Media coverage](https://www.theguardian.com/global-development/2015/sep/24/global-goals-climate-change-2c-development-finance-emissions-trading).

"Modelling SkyShares. Technical background" (with Owen Barder and Alex Evans), 2015. [Paper](/assets/Modelling-SkyShares-Technical-Background.pdf).

"A global emissions budget" in *Climate 2020 - Facing the future* (with Owen Barder and Alex Evans), Report by the United Nations Association - UK, 2015. [Paper](http://e59114bec18f33b2ba6d-67d853478b97815e7adb8b9373d7dc7d.r53.cf2.rackcdn.com/CLIMATE2020.pdf).

Annex IV of "Track it! Stop it! Get it!" (with Alex Cobham), *Report of the High Level Panel on Illicit Financial Flows from Africa*, Commissioned by the AU/ECA Conference of Ministers of Finance, Planning and Economic Development, 2015. [Paper](https://www.uneca.org/sites/default/files/PublicationFiles/iff_main_report_26feb_en.pdf). [Media coverage](https://www.theguardian.com/global-development/2015/feb/02/africa-tax-avoidance-money-laundering-illicit-financial-flows). [Code](https://github.com/walice/Illicit-financial-flows).

"Europe Beyond Aid: Assessing Europe’s Commitment to Development" (with Owen Barder, Julia Clark, David Roodman, and Liza Reynolds), *CGD Working Paper Series*, Working Paper 313, 2012. [Paper](https://www.cgdev.org/publication/europe-beyond-aid-assessing-europe%E2%80%99s-commitment-development-working-paper-313).

## Popular writing

"SkyShares: An Idea to Stop Climate Change Effectively, Efficiently, and Equitably" (with Arthur Baker), *Center for Global Development*, December 2019. [Link](https://www.cgdev.org/blog/skyshares-idea-stop-climate-change-effectively-efficiently-and-equitably).

"Workable Policies to Fight Climate Change and Bridge the Interests of Developing and Industrialized Countries", *SSN Key Findings Brief*, May 2018. [Link](https://scholars.org/contribution/workable-policies-fight-climate-change-and-bridge-interests-developing-and).

"Global goals can deliver on 2&deg;C and new development finance - here's how" (with Owen Barder and Alex Evans), *The Guardian*, September 2015. [Link](https://www.theguardian.com/global-development/2015/sep/24/global-goals-climate-change-2c-development-finance-emissions-trading).

"A Global Carbon Tax or Cap-and-Trade? Part 1: The Economic Arguments" (with Owen Barder), *Center for Global Development*, September 2014. [Link](https://www.cgdev.org/blog/global-carbon-tax-or-cap-and-trade-part-1-economic-arguments).

"Setting a Price on Carbon Immediately Is Necessary to Avoid Dangerous Climate Change" (with Owen Barder), *Center for Global Development*, April 2014. [Link](https://www.cgdev.org/blog/setting-price-carbon-immediately-necessary-avoid-dangerous-climate-change).

"Nineteenth Time Lucky?" (with Owen Barder), *Center for Global Development*, November 2013. [Link](https://www.cgdev.org/blog/nineteenth-time-lucky).

"Open Ownership: UK Leads" (with Alex Cobham), *Center for Global Development*, October 2013. [Link](https://www.cgdev.org/blog/open-ownership-uk-leads).

"Europe’s Policy Footprint on Development" (with Owen Barder and Liza Reynolds), *Center for Global Development*, December 2012. [Link](https://www.cgdev.org/blog/europe%E2%80%99s-policy-footprint-development).
